Hey! 
First, let me say thank you for the opportunity to attend this bootcamp! 
You have done a great job and I am very grateful for your time, effort and patience, thank you very much! 

I think you have done a great job and I would like to help IC and Motoko so more people can join and learn. 
Here are some of my insights from being a super beginner student at Motoko Bootcamp 2022. 

Background so you know my level and can accordingly adapt my feedback:

I do not have any coding experience from before. 
I have built a webpage using WordPress and Elementor pagebuilder before and I did read up on the terminal, html, css and javascript before the course.  


I feel like I have spent many hours trying to learn:
    - Using terminal 
    - Github (Make sure to include Seb's 7 minute video, very useful information) 
    - General computer sience (CS50 course video helped me alot)
    - dfx deploy etc. 

I have used the resources provided but as I am a complete blank canvas from start even the little bits 
and pieces are hard to connect dots between sometimes. The Devs Hours have been good but I have not 
asked my questions regarding other topics than IC and Motoko to respect the bootcamp and other students who are further in their development,
therefore I suggest to have a "Pre-Bootcamp Bootcamp" where all basics are covered. 
Only manditory for Beginners. 

As I am writing this, it is 5 hours to Core Project deadline and last night I spend 15 hours learning 
html and css in order to have a frontend for my core project.
I think it would be useful to have a crash course in html and css in the "Pre-Bootcamp Bootcamp" as well
since it is pretty basic but if you have not learnt it yet, you do not know it.  

I could not stop thinking about how I would structure the next bootcamp in order to take on some of the challenges in this current bootcamp.
Here's my thoughts: 

The diploma is a NFT with 5 different compartments. 4 parts makes out a blank canvas and the 5th part is 
the text and creatives on the diploma. 

The first 4 parts of the canvas is actually a module (stage) of the Bootcamp. 

Module 1 : Pre-Bootcamp Bootcamp
Module 2 : Beginner level coding 
Module 3 : Beginner/Intermediate level coding 
Module 4 : Intermediate level coding 
Module 5 : Core project (different requirments for beginner vs Intermediate)

Each module has it's daily challenges and after a completion of a module the student recieves a part of 
the canvas (great for motivation to get some reward in the middle of the bootcamp, keeps spirit and motivation high)

A student need to complete all modules to receive the diploma. For the sake of easy let's say that each module = 1 week. 

The bootcamp has 3 different entry points, the 3 first modules. 

If an intermediate student want to enter at module 3, she/he needs to complete all the daily challenges in each of the previous modules. 

I would try to implement gamification to the bootcamp through various of challenges which gives you 
rewards and where we can have a leaderboard to broadcast (not all coding related so the beginners can be on the top of some leaderboards as well)


I recommend having some devs mentors who are able to help with debugging and troubleshooting 
easy terminal/github/html/css problems that comes up. I encountered many problems learning css and spent 
a lot of time in forums to find the answer, only if someone had told me this is the way.
I could have been more efficient and could have learnt more Motoko (which is the goal here in my opinion, let's get a lot of devs on the IC and grow the ecosystem)

I will happly help at the next bootcamp sharing the little knowledge that I have so the "real" Dev Mentors can
focus their time on learning out Motoko. 

If I think about my skills prior to this bootcamp, it is safe to say that I have learned a lot! 
I did not even know how to use the terminal and now I can "code" a little bit of Motoko so I can host a canister on the IC! That great proof to you guys that the bootcamp has been
succussful eventough there are areas of improvement, but there are always areas of improvement.

I hope this will help you in some way. All in all, great first bootcamp and I am super happy that I've attended. 
I feel like I know how to navigate a terminal, I've learnt to use VS Code, I know the basics of HTML, CSS and very little JavaScript and Motoko. 

If you have any questions or feedback, do not hesitate to reach out! 

Thank you very much! 

All the best and good luck on future adventures! 

//herta
